.TH "SCAM_dataMOD" 3 "Wed May 9 2012" "Version v0.1" "SCAMTEC" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SCAM_dataMOD \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "type \fBmodel_dec_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "type \fBobs_dec_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdata_config\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBallocate_data_mem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdata_init\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBrelease_data_mem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBldata\fP (type, e, Id, name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "integer, parameter, public \fBNumVarAval\fP = 15"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "character(len=8), parameter, public \fBVarName\fP = (/ 'VTMP:925', 'VTMP:850', 'VTMP:500', 'PSNM:000', 'UMES:925', 'AGPL:925', 'ZGEO:850', 'ZGEO:500', 'ZGEO:250', 'UVEL:850', 'UVEL:500', 'UVEL:250', 'VVEL:850', 'VVEL:500', 'VVEL:250' /)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "type(\fBmodel_dec_type\fP), dimension(:), allocatable, public \fBscamdata\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine SCAM_dataMOD::allocate_data_mem ()"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "subroutine SCAM_dataMOD::data_config ()"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "subroutine SCAM_dataMOD::data_init ()"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "subroutine SCAM_dataMOD::ldata (CHARACTER(LEN=*),intent(in)type, INTEGER,intent(in)e, INTEGER,intent(in)Id, CHARACTER(LEN=*),intent(in)name)"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "subroutine SCAM_dataMOD::release_data_mem ()"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "integer,parameter,public \fBSCAM_dataMOD::NumVarAval\fP = 15"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "type(\fBmodel_dec_type\fP),dimension(:),allocatable,public \fBSCAM_dataMOD::scamdata\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "character(len=8),parameter,public \fBSCAM_dataMOD::VarName\fP = (/ 'VTMP:925', 'VTMP:850', 'VTMP:500', 'PSNM:000', 'UMES:925', 'AGPL:925', 'ZGEO:850', 'ZGEO:500', 'ZGEO:250', 'UVEL:850', 'UVEL:500', 'UVEL:250', 'VVEL:850', 'VVEL:500', 'VVEL:250' /)"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SCAMTEC from the source code.
