.TH "SCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type" 3 "Wed May 9 2012" "Version v0.1" "SCAMTEC" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBtmpfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBexpfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBreffield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBclmfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBdiffield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:,:), allocatable \fBrmsfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBtime_rmse\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBtime_vies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real, dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBtime_acor\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 56 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::clmfield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::diffield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::expfield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::reffield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::rmsfield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::time_acor\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::time_rmse\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::time_vies\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.
.SS "real,dimension(:,:,:),allocatable \fBSCAM_dataMOD::model_dec_type::tmpfield\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file SCAM_dataMOD.f90.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SCAMTEC from the source code.
