.TH "scamtec_module::scamdec" 3 "Wed May 9 2012" "Version v0.1" "SCAMTEC" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
scamtec_module::scamdec \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBstarting_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBending_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBtime_step\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBForecast_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBntime_forecast\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBntime_steps\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBhist_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(\fBDP\fP) \fBincr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(\fBDP\fP) \fBhist_incr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(\fBSP\fP) \fBgridDesc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBnxpt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBnypt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBnpts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBnexp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(\fBSP\fP) \fBudef\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBnvar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer(\fBI4B\fP), allocatable \fBInit_ModelID\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 17 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::ending_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::Forecast_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "real(\fBSP\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::gridDesc\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "real(\fBDP\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::hist_incr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::hist_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "real(\fBDP\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::incr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP),allocatable \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::Init_ModelID\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::nexp\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::npts\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::ntime_forecast\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::ntime_steps\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::nvar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::nxpt\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::nypt\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::starting_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "integer(\fBI4B\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::time_step\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file scamtec_module.f90.
.SS "real(\fBSP\fP) \fBscamtec_module::scamdec::udef\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file scamtec_module.f90.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SCAMTEC from the source code.
