.TH "time_module" 3 "Wed May 9 2012" "Version v0.1" "SCAMTEC" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
time_module \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER, public \fBeom\fP (year, month)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER, public \fBnoh\fP (di, df)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER, public \fBnod\fP (di, df)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER, public \fBnom\fP (di, df)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER, public \fBnoy\fP (di, df)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "REAL(kind=8), public \fBcal2jul\fP (CalDate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "INTEGER(kind=8), public \fBjul2cal\fP (jd)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "REAL(kind=8),public time_module::cal2jul (INTEGER,intent(in)CalDate)"
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER,public time_module::eom (INTEGER,intent(in)year, INTEGER,intent(in)month)"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER(kind=8),public time_module::jul2cal (REAL (kind=8),intent(in)jd)"
.PP
Definition at line 323 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER,public time_module::nod (INTEGER,intent(in)di, INTEGER,intent(in)df)"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER,public time_module::noh (INTEGER,intent(in)di, INTEGER,intent(in)df)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER,public time_module::nom (INTEGER,intent(in)di, INTEGER,intent(in)df)"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file m_time.f90.
.SS "INTEGER,public time_module::noy (INTEGER,intent(in)di, INTEGER,intent(in)df)"
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file m_time.f90.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SCAMTEC from the source code.
